Role: Act as a Senior Frontend Architect and React Developer. Task: Build a high-end, production-ready Countdown Timer Widget intended to run inside an IFrame within a Wix Blocks application.

Architecture Overview:

Host (Wix Velo): Handles backend logic, CMS data, and user identity. It sends configuration data to your widget.

Client (Your Code): A React (Vite) application running in an IFrame. It handles the UI, Animations, Timer Logic, and Settings Dashboard.

Communication: Uses window.postMessage to receive data (INIT, UPDATE) and send events (FINISHED, RESIZE, SAVE).

Core Requirements & Features
1. Timer Logic Engines (Dual Mode)
The timer must support two distinct logic modes:

Fixed Date Mode: Counts down to a specific calendar date (e.g., "Jan 1, 2025").

Evergreen / Scarcity Mode: Counts down a specific duration (e.g., "15 minutes") starting from the user's first visit.

Implementation: Use localStorage to store the user's specific startTime. If the user refreshes, the timer continues from where it left off. If the cookie/storage expires, it resets (configurable).

2. Advanced Visuals & Animations
Flip Clock & Slide Animations: Create smooth, GPU-accelerated transitions for numbers.

Visual Progress: Option to show a Circular Loader or a Linear Progress Bar that depletes as time runs out.

Design Presets: Include 5 built-in themes (e.g., "Minimal White", "Dark Cyberpunk", "Urgent Red", "Soft Pastel", "Corporate Blue") so users don't have to start from scratch.

Responsive: Use container queries or generic responsive CSS (rem/%) to ensure it looks good on mobile and desktop.

RTL/LTR Support: Full support for Hebrew (Right-to-Left) and English layouts.

3. Granular Customization (The "Dashboard")
Create a "Dashboard Mode" (e.g., accessed via ?mode=dashboard or a prop) that allows editing:

Units: Toggle visibility of Days, Hours, Minutes, Seconds, Milliseconds.

Typography: Change fonts, sizes, weights, and colors for numbers and labels independently.

Texts: Custom labels for time units, Header text, Sub-header, and "Time's Up" message.

Actions: Define what happens when time ends:

Show "End Message".

Redirect to URL (New Tab / Same Tab).

Emit Event to Velo.

Hide the widget.

4. Performance & Accessibility (A11y)
Performance: Use requestAnimationFrame for the countdown loop to ensure 60FPS performance without blocking the main thread.

Accessibility: Ensure screen readers read the time naturally (e.g., "5 minutes and 30 seconds remaining") using aria-live regions and aria-label, rather than reading raw digits like "five, colon, three, zero".

5. Integration API (postMessage)
Implement a robust message handler:

Input (window.addEventListener('message', ...)):

type: 'INIT_WIDGET' -> Payload: { config, theme, mode, timezone }

type: 'UPDATE_PREVIEW' -> Payload: { config } (Hot reload styles in dashboard)

Output (window.parent.postMessage(...)):

type: 'WIDGET_READY' -> Sent when React mounts.

type: 'TIMER_COMPLETE' -> Sent when countdown hits 0.

type: 'SAVE_CONFIG' -> Sent from Dashboard to save settings to CMS.

type: 'HEIGHT_CHANGE' -> Sent when DOM size changes (for IFrame resizing).

Technical Constraints
Framework: React + Vite.

Styling: CSS Modules or Tailwind CSS (preferred for speed).

State Management: React Context or Zustand (for managing the complex settings state).

No Backend: Pure frontend logic.

Deliverables
Codebase: Full React source code.

Schema: A TypeScript interface or JSON example of the Configuration object.

Demo Data: A "Demo Mode" flag that populates the timer with fake data if no input is received from Wix.